III - A BURDEN OF BLOOD
- AMICIA:
(FRUSTRATINGLY EXHALES)
- BÉATRICE: Lucas.
Come, right now.
- LUCAS: Coming!
- AMICIA: I heard Hugo crying.
What's going on?
- BÉATRICE: He didn't react well.
He's having a seizure.
- AMICIA: What? Mother!
You must stop this!
We don't know this man!
- BÉATRICE: Amicia!
This sort of thing was always likely.
And this man is an exalted member
of the most ancient college of alchemists that exists.
The Order knows the Macula.
Hugo's not alone.
I'm here.
We need nightshade
as soon as possible to calm the tremors.
There is a herbalist
in the outskirt of the city.
It's at the other end of the butcher's district
at the edge of the forest.
You'll see.
- LUCAS: Of course.
- AMICIA: I'm coming.
I feel useless here anyway.
(RAIN SOUND)
(DOOR SHUTS HEAVILY)
- LUCAS: Foul rain!
We have a long way to go.
Let's not waste time.
(RAIN SOUND)
- AMICIA: Things are getting
worse and worse.
- LUCAS: I know you're worried.
But you should give
Magister Vaudin some time.
- AMICIA: Time??
To do what??
Make Hugo feel even worse?
- LUCAS: He's conducting tests.
He knows what he's doing.
He's the most competent in his domain.
- AMICIA: Urghh... Enough of that!
He's been treating my brother like an animal!
No!
We need another solution.
Like...
This island Hugo dreams of.
- LUCAS: A dream...
What can we do with a dream, Amicia?
- AMICIA: Just...
...keep caring about him, please!
- LUCAS: I care!
But it's not enough anymore.
(RAIN SOUND)
- AMICIA: Everybody's gone.
- LUCAS: I think it's through here.
- MAN: I can't believe
they've blocked the way to the arena.
- WOMAN: What's happened down there?
- LUCAS: Alright.
Our gate should be over there.
- AMICIA: Oh... It stinks...
- LUCAS: Well...
That means we're on the right path.
There it is.
Alright, you're ready?
- AMICIA: Yes. Let's go.
Urghh...
Rotten flesh...
- LUCAS: Yes.
It's the butcher's district.
It's the shortest way
to the herbalist.
- MAN 1: Come on, good people!
I've got all the poultry
that you could ever want.
- MAN 2: Pork pork!
To roast, to boil!
Tastiest meat in the world!
- MAN 3: If you never tried beef,
you don't know what you're missing!
- AMICIA: Looks tasty for sure.
- LUCAS: There's the city gate.
- AMICIA: We're not there yet.
And Hugo might even be
getting worse right now.
Let's hurry!
- LUCAS: It will be alright.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
- AMICIA: What's this?
- LUCAS: Nothing good, it seems.
- GUARD: This district is now closed
on the authority of the Count Victor of Arles.
For your own safety,
do not try to get inside.
- MAN: You can't keep us out!
- AMICIA: No! Hugo can't wait!
- LUCAS: There might be another way in.
- MAN: (SHOUTS) Tell us what happened!
- WOMAN 1: My children are in there!
- WOMAN 2: We know something's going on!
- MAN: What are you hiding from us?
- WOMAN: Did people die?
- MAN: Where do you want us to go?
- LUCAS: Hey, there's a back alley
through there.
What do you think?
- AMICIA: Do you see a way in?
- LUCAS: Wait.
I think...
Yes...
Through here, Amicia.
- AMICIA: It looks safe.
- LUCAS: Is it someone's home?
- AMICIA: We're just passing.
Urghh... You must be joking!
- LUCAS: The butcher's dump!
We're going in there?
- AMICIA: Don't think.
Just hold your breath.
No...
- LUCAS: No no no no no! Urgh!
(COUGHS)
- AMICIA: Ugh... Don't tell me.
- LUCAS: Yes.
I've got something in my mouth.
- AMICIA: I said hold your breath!
- LUCAS: I panicked!
- AMICIA: Oh Lucas!
- LUCAS: All the living things...
That must be... born from this...
- AMICIA: Why in the world
would you think about that!
- LUCAS: It stops me from...
...losing my mind.
- AMICIA: But it takes me closer to losing mine!
- LUCAS: Just think of it as matter...
Being transformed...
- AMICIA: Oh Lord!
- LUCAS: My boots are ruined!
- AMICIA: Like the arena.
This whole place is just bait.
There's a cart in the way.
We have to keep going.
Help me with this.
- LUCAS: Yes.
- AMICIA: Wait, no!
(COUGHS)
What is that?
Oh no! NO!
Not them! Not again!
- LUCAS: We're going to need fire. Quick!
- AMICIA: I knew it!
They're already spreading.
Now we'll have to go through them again!
- LUCAS: We can do it.
Just stay focused on getting the nightshade.
- AMICIA: Yes... Yes.
(DISTANT SCREAMING)
- LUCAS: You hear that?
There're still people around!
- AMICIA: They didn't evacuate the district!
It's like in the arena.
- LUCAS: The fire won't be
bright enough to let us cross.
They came for the meat.
- AMICIA: They need to move.
- LUCAS: They want that
hanging carcass, right?
- AMICIA: Of course, they do.
- LUCAS: They can't reach it.
That bag.
It's like the one in the cart.
Try hitting it with your sling.
- AMICIA: What's that powder?
- LUCAS: Saltpetre.
It normally preserves meat
but it's thick enough to choke the flames.
- AMICIA: This is more saltpetre, right?
- LUCAS: Yes. A lot of it.
- AMICIA: If the people outside
knew what's happening...
They have family here... Children...
- LUCAS: There's no way
the army can hide that.
- AMICIA: Lord... it's infested.
- WOMAN: Let's leave now!
- MAN: Wait... The light!
- LUCAS: Townsfolks?
- AMICIA: That's close enough.
Come. Don't stay there.
- LUCAS: Wait, I'm taking some.
This stuff is too useful.
Alright. It's all yours now.
- AMICIA: I have it. Stay back.
Now the fire.
Yes.
That's it. Let's keep going.
- LUCAS: Yes. Well done.
I really hope we find our herbalist
in this mess.
- AMICIA: He's outside the city, right?
So maybe he's safe.
- SOLDIER: Three more down here.
They didn't let go easily.
- LUCAS: Oh no! A soldier!
- SOLDIER: Hey!
What are you doing here?
- AMICIA: We're... just crossing.
- SOLDIER: No one gets out.
Those are the orders.
- AMICIA: Wait, no!
- SOLDIER: You should be dead!
- LUCAS: He's going to throw! Amicia!
- AMICIA: Oh Lord!
That was so close.
- LUCAS: You've just...
...killed a soldier of the Army of Provence.
- AMICIA: I know!
Why did he attack us?
- LUCAS: Look!
They're killing townsfolks.
- AMICIA: They're purging the districts now.
- SOLDIER: Hey!
Come back here you bastard!
Bloody hell!
Urgh... You won't get further.
Goddamn biters kill faster than us.
- LUCAS: He'll execute us on sight.
- AMICIA: It's us or them now.
Hugo can't wait.
We need that nightshade fast.
- LUCAS: I guess you're right.
Listen...
You can use that saltpetre against them.
Take this to craft some Extinguis.
It should be enough
to put out that torch.
- AMICIA: Extinguis. Alright.
Done.
- LUCAS: Now shoot it to that torch.
You know...
- AMICIA: I know.
- SOLDIER: (SCREAMING)
- LUCAS: Goodness...
Well, it... worked.
- AMICIA: We did it in the past, but...
...it's still...
- LUCAS: Disturbing.
- AMICIA: Yes.
I may have to use it again.
Anyway, thanks.
Get down, another one.
- SOLDIER 1: The more dead we have
in the streets, the more damn rats we get.
- SOLDIER 2: Shit... Don't count on me
to open them doors, I know what's in there.
- MAN: Let us out!
The rats are close!
- SOLDIER 2: (KNOCKS) Shut up!
That's your problem!
(SCREAMING)
- LUCAS: I guess they had it coming.
- AMICIA: No time to cry over them.
Hugo's waiting.
- SOLDIER: Rememer to mark the houses
you've cleared with a cross.
It's imperative that the bodies
are taken out of the city.
- AMICIA: Sure, take the bodies out.
That rats will follow.
- LUCAS: How can they be so stupid!
- SOLDIER: I think I heard something.
- AMICIA: We must leave this city.
Leave this Vaudin behind.
- LUCAS: For what, Amicia?
A dream of an island?
- AMICIA: A dream
he's been having for weeks.
That's the city gate.
- LUCAS: At last.
- SOLDIER: Remeber, men.
Stay in the light at all cost!
- LUCAS: Oh no, they're heading out.
Our herbalist's out there.
- AMICIA: Don't tell me they're also
purging the outskirts! Goddammit!
- LUCAS: Hey... Hey...
We can still reach him before them.
- AMICIA: It never ends.
A tool. I could improve my gear
if I found a workbench.
- LUCAS: Soldiers.
- SOLDIER 1: Nah. I heard he gave the Beast
full power over the city.
- SOLDIER 2: The Beast?
That explains the carnage.
The man's a dog of war.
- AMICIA: Two torches.
- LUCAS: Your jar.
A cloud of Extinguis
will put out several torches.
- AMICIA: A jar of Extinguis?
That could work.
- SOLDIER 1: What are you doing?
The collectors swept the place already.
- SOLDIER 2: Maybe they left something behind.
- SOLDIER 1: Good luck with that!
(SCREAMING)
- LUCAS: Let's say it's useful.
- AMICIA: They've wasted
enough of our time already. Come.
- LUCAS: They closed the portcullis.
- AMICIA: There must be a way
to open it again.
I hope Hugo's holding on.
- LUCAS: I hate to say it...
But he's survived worse.
- AMICIA: This has to stop.
(CRANKING NOISE)
We're going to have a problem.
- LUCAS: What?
- AMICIA: There's no brake on this thing.
So we'll have to run.
That's it.
Release on my go.
Now! Go!
- LUCAS: Coming.
- AMICIA: Come on! Faster!
- LUCAS: I'm right behind you!
- AMICIA: (SIGHS OF RELIEF)
Yes...
- LUCAS: We're here...
Good work.
- AMICIA: Look.
No rats.
- LUCAS: So it stopped at the city walls.
- AMICIA: (SCOFFS)
They don't care about walls.
They care about food.
- LUCAS: I don't see any soldiers either.
- AMICIA: Hey...
I've just remembered.
In Vaudin's laboratory...
Th-there was a fresco
with an island on it.
I saw it, Lucas!
What about that?
Vaudin must know about it.
- LUCAS: Alright, alright...
I'll...
...try to ask.
- AMICIA: Thank you.
Now... Mother said the herbalist lives
at the edge of the forest. We should be close.
- LUCAS: It's so quiet.
- AMICIA: It feels off.
There were people here
not too long ago.
Someone used that forge recently.
- LUCAS: Hey...
There's a workbench here.
You can improve your gear with it.
Just take a look right now...
We don't know what awaits us.
- AMICIA: You're right.
That's better.
That'll help.
- LUCAS: We're good to go?
- AMICIA: Yes. Let's go.
Urgh... There's a body here.
- LUCAS: The rats?
- AMICIA: No.
Stabbed.
Probably soldiers.
- LUCAS: Come on.
They're here. They're here too.
- AMICIA: I told you.
No wall can stop them.
- LUCAS: It's those carcasses.
- AMICIA: Yes.
They keep following the blood.
- LUCAS: But we...
don't know where the blood stops.
- SOLDIER: What the...?
Hey!
- AMICIA: Oh no!
- LUCAS: I didn't expect that.
- AMICIA: That damn bastard.
This has to end.
(RATS SQUEAKING)
Come on.
Where is that damn nightshade?
- SOLDIER: I know it looks like hell.
But stay focused on your tasks.
Cleaners, make sure
the bodies stay in the light.
Collectors, grab only what
the garrison needs. Foods and weapons.
- LUCAS: They act like it's... war.
- AMICIA: The war they've lost already.
- SOLDIER 1: The Count made a mistake
entrusting the Beast.
We don't even know the people we kill
are sick anymore.
- SOLDIER 2: Where does this stop?
The Beast is taking action.
We need that now or...
- SOLDIER 1: Or the men will panic, I know.
(SCREAMING)
- LUCAS: Be more careful!
- AMICIA: I'm careful enough.
- LUCAS: What are you doing?
Remember what we're here for.
- AMICIA: I know.
I do it for Hugo.
- HERBALIST: This is outrageous!
Where is my wife?
- LUCAS: That's the herbalist.
- HERBALIST: What are you doing
with my plants?
I've got doctors and sick who need them!
- SOLDIER: That's why we need you
and your plants. Now shut up!
- HERBALIST: Oh Lord... These bodies...
I knew these people...
- SOLDIER: Don't look at them
if they upset you.
- HERBALIST: This is not the rats do it.
You did it!
You killed them all!
I want to see my wife!
- SOLDIER: Listen, it's been a damn long day.
And my sword's still warm, so...
- AMICIA: We have to do something!
- LUCAS: They're surrounded by rats!
- HERBALIST: What? You want me to help you?
- SOLDIER: Hah!
- HERBALIST: You're all dead already!
- SOLDIER: Listen, herbalist.
Stop right now!
- HERBALIST: You'll all be sick soon.
And I'll laugh as I watch you die!
(SCREAMING)
- AMICIA: The nightshade, Lucas...
It's over...
- LUCAS: Not yet.
I know what it looks like.
We can still do this.
We just need to find
the herbalist's shop.
Just try to calm down.
You won't make it in that state.
- AMICIA: How can't I?
These dogs are only
making Hugo's suffering worse.
Follow me.
Quietly.
- LUCAS: Good.
I think we're safe for now.
- AMICIA: I made sure of it. Just be glad
you're not in one of those carts.
Plants...
Lucas...
Tell me...
Tell me it's here.
- LUCAS: We're at the herbalist's, but...
We'll have to look.
- AMICIA: So what does
a nightshade look like?
- LUCAS: Look for a purple flower.
In the shape of a star.
- AMICIA: Purple star...
Purple star...
No, that's not it.
(CROWS CRAWLING)
No flowers here.
Lord... Focus... Focus...
- LUCAS: Hey, we're here now.
It's alright.
- AMICIA: No, not the right shape.
Perhaps there's nothing here, Lucas.
- LUCAS: I know.
Let's check the house.
- AMICIA: Yes, it has to be there.
Gardening tools... Urgh...
You must be joking!
It's all junk!
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
This is going nowhere...
- LUCAS: Wait...
- AMICIA: And now
I'm not even there for him.
How will we even get back?
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Hands are sweaty...
- SOLDIER: Look for anybody hiding.
- SOLDIER: You, stay here and patrol.
Report if you see one bloody rat.
The others are with me.
Look for any valuables.
We need food, drugs, any goods.
- LUCAS: No...
They're going in.
What do we do?
Hey?
- AMICIA: What?
- LUCAS: You're not alright.
- AMICIA: I am.
- LUCAS: No, you're not.
You're not even
breathing right now.
- AMICIA: I'm dizzy.
My heart is pouding.
- LUCAS: Listen...
The Count's soldiers
are gonna seize everything.
We've got to get
the nightshade before they do.
I have to.
- AMICIA: No!
- LUCAS: You're in no state to do this.
I'm going. I'll sneak in.
I can do it.
- AMICIA: If anything...
- LUCAS: I will run.
It's not my first time.
- AMICIA: What is wrong with me?
(HEAVY BREATHING)
- LUCAS: No! Let me go!
- AMICIA: Oh no! I knew it!
I knew it.
Alright...
Move... quick...
(EXHALES)
Come on.
- SOLDIER 1: Attention!
We've just got a looter over there.
There're maybe others.
Search the area and kill on sight.
- SOLDIER 2: Understood.
Spread out, men.
Be careful!
- AMICIA: Stupid! Why did you
let him go by himself!
- LUCAS: Ahh...
Lucas... He's alive!
Bastards! When I get to you...
Get Lucas, get the nightshade, and get out.
Kill whoever tries to stop you.
This is all your fault!
Now make it right!
- SOLDIER: This area is secured.
Wait... There they are!
Don't let them get away!
They disappeared into the grass.
I'm going after them.
Spread out and get that bastard!
- AMICIA: That's it.
That's the way to do it.
- LUCAS: Ah... Stop!
- AMICIA: Hang in there, Lucas.
I'm here... I'll make them pay!
- SOLDIER: Speak boy,
who's with you?
- LUCAS: Ahhhh!
(LOUD DOOR KNOCKING SOUND)
- AMICIA: Did they hurt you?
- LUCAS: I'll... survive...
Thanks.
- AMICIA: This one learned his lesson,
mangy dogs.
- LUCAS: Hey, forget about him.
I found the nightshade. We have to go now.
- SOLDIER: I heard shout in the barn!
- AMICIA: They're coming.
Go hide. I'll handle them.
- LUCAS: No, we've got what we need.
Let's leave now!
- AMICIA: No, they'll come after us
and I'm done running away.
- SOLDIER: Man down!
We've got intruders here. Alert!
- AMICIA: That's it.
Come. I'm right here.
There you go.
See? There's nothing.
Nothing to be scared of.
- LUCAS: Amicia, what are you doing?
We have to go!
- AMICIA: No! I'm tired of being afraid.
I'll show them that it's over...
- AMICIA: Come.
I'll give you what you want.
- LUCAS: He has a shield.
Careful.
- SOLDIER: Intruder here.
She's armed.
- LUCAS: Shoot the bag, Amicia.
It'll blind him.
- AMICIA: Yes, yes!
How'd you like that, huh?
When someone fights back?
- LUCAS: There're too many!
They'll keep coming if we don't go!
- AMICIA: Go if you want!
This is my ground now!
This is where they die.
Oh yes, come then.
Show me how you do it.
That's some (good God).
Come on!!
- LUCAS: You have to stop!
We'll die here.
Yes, come. Come try!
Look, this is how it works now.
I said the rules!
- THE BEAST: I'll teach you to kill my men.
Don't think we're done with you yet.
(DOOR SHUTS)
- THE BEAST: Don't expect
to quit death after what you've done.
We've paid the executioner to spend
a bit of time with you before you hang.
- AMICIA: You should sit down.
- LUCAS: After that,
it's all you have to say?
Come on.
You could do better than that!
You have a whole garrison here.
What're you really let yourself go.
- AMICIA: Stop!
- LUCAS: No!
Do you see the situation we're in?
We were just about to get herbs.
How do you think Hugo
through right now without them?
How would he feel
when his sister's hanging?
- AMICIA: I made a mistake!
Alright?
I don't know what's happening to me, Lucas.
I... I feel my mind going...
- LUCAS: Yes... Because this world hurts...
And it keeps hurting.
And you want to hurt it back.
But it's a fight you cannot win, Amicia.
You are not them.
You are a De Rune.
- SOLDIER: Hey!
The gallows is almost ready.
Prepare the condemned.
- LUCAS: That's us. Listen.
This thing works with fire.
I'll tell you when I'm ready.
- THE BEAST: Get out.
Your ... is awaiting.
- LUCAS: I'm ready.
Tell me when.
- THE BEAST: Stop there.
We'll wait for the executioner.
He must be finishing one right now.
- LUCAS: Amicia, we have to hurry...
- AMICIA: Now!
(COUGHS) Lucas!
- LUCAS: The stairs. Run!
It won't last.
- AMICIA: What was that?
- LUCAS: I call it Stupefacio
You'll get used to it.
- AMICIA: That was (COUGHS) efficient.
Ah... they still have my sling.
- LUCAS: Now it's not the time.
- AMICIA: That will slow them down.
You saved our skin down there.
- LUCAS: Yes... Yes...
Where to now?
- AMICIA: There should be a walkway...
Or a roof...
- LUCAS: There's a window there.
- AMICIA: It overlooks the roof, Lucas.
No choice... (GASPS)
Lord, that's high.
- LUCAS: Is it safe?
- AMICIA: Sort of. Come.
- LUCAS: Oh wow...
This is really not safe at all.
- AMICIA: Shhh...
Calm down. Come.
I think... it's the only way out of her.
- LUCAS: Are you joking?
- AMICIA: No, just stick to the wall.
- LUCAS: No please... Please, please...
- AMICIA: You can... do it!
Sorry to put you through this.
This is my fault.
- LUCAS: I... honestly...
don't care right now...
- AMICIA: There's another roof...
Almost there...
I did it!
(SIGHS OF RELIEF)
- LUCAS: Let's get off this roof. Please.
- AMICIA: Guard. I can't do anything.
Let's pass it, quietly.
Here.
- SOLDIER 1: What is it?
More requisitions?
- SOLDIER 2: Uh huh.
From the outskirts.
Butcher's district gate.
- SOLDIER 1: Ah...
You're the ones
who met that crazy girl, right?
- SOLDIER 2: That bloody witch
and her sling.
But the Beast got her.
We've got enough meat
to hold out for a week.
- SOLDIER 1: Nice work.
Get to the depot fast.
The girl is to be hanged soon.
There'll be quite a crowd.
- SOLDIER 2: I'll be there.
- AMICIA: Count on that!
- LUCAS: That cart, Amicia.
The nightshade might be in it.
Maybe your sling too.
- AMICIA: We can't take the risk.
Hugo needs us.
We'll do without.
- LUCAS: It's wiser, yes.
- AMICIA: Another guard.
- LUCAS: He won't move.
- AMICIA: But there's a fire.
Do you still have some of your smoke thing?
- LUCAS: The Stupefacio.
- AMICIA: Lucas, use that Stupefacio.
- LUCAS: Hurry, it'll fade away soon.
- AMICIA: Hugo is somewhere down there.
I hope he's alright.
- LUCAS: The city's days are numbered.
- AMICIA: Yes...
Let's go back to our house.
- LUCAS: Do you know where we're going?
- AMICIA: No... Just... pushing forward.
- AMICIA: Under the table. Quick!
- LUCAS: Oh no.
- AMICIA: Stay still.
Let's go.
- LUCAS: Good. We're doing it.
- AMICIA: We are.
- LUCAS: Hey, that's the main gate down there.
- AMICIA: It's so close.
We need to find a way down.
- LUCAS: Can't wait to be back home.
- AMICIA: Mother will be so furious.
I let everyone down.
- LUCAS: Don't think about that now.
- AMICIA: Here. A way down.
Oh...
Lucas, I think we've found that depot.
- LUCAS: Really?
Yes... You're right.
So that means...
...the nightshade should be somewhere here.
- AMICIA: And my sling, too.
Alright, you look for the nightshade,
I'll look for my sling.
We may need it.
- LUCAS: Right.
Nightshade.
I hope it's still in my pouch.
- AMICIA: Weapons.
Swords, knives.
No sling.
Let's try somewhere else.
Let's pray no one comes in.
Or we're...
- LUCAS: No...
Don't say that word.
- AMICIA: Yes.
Looks locked.
Maybe with a knife?
Oh, here you are.
I've got it.
- LUCAS: Careful with that, alright?
- AMICIA: I know.
- LUCAS: That smell...
That's...
Yes...
I've got the nightshade, Amicia.
- AMICIA: Finally.
This hasn't been for nothing.
- SOLDIER 1: So... how long before we go?
- AMICIA: Guards.
- SOLDIER 2: Don't know. Don't care.
You don't wanna go out there, believe me!
- AMICIA: Damn. The gate is right there.
- LUCAS: That's too many.
I can't sneak past them.
- AMICIA: And we can't stay either.
We need a plan.
- LUCAS: I don't know.
This place is full of... things.
- AMICIA: Let's take a look around.
- LUCAS: Of course...
You see what I see?
- AMICIA: What?
- LUCAS: Up there.
- LUCAS: Listen.
I've gathered enough materials here
to make a large quantity of Stupefacio.
So we'll stick the paste
to the tip of the bolt.
Shoot it and hopefully the friction
from the impact will light it up.
- AMICIA: And we'll get enough smokes
to blind them all.
- LUCAS: If it works.
- AMICIA: We don't have any better idea.
Let's get that ballister down.
- LUCAS: There's a crank up there.
- AMICIA: How can we climb up?
I don't see anything.
- LUCAS: There has to be something.
- SOLDIER: Hey, go fetch more men!
We're doubling the headcount on patrols.
- AMICIA: We must hurry.
There'll even more soon.
- LUCAS: Well... I don't know.
This place is a mess.
There could be...
There... I've found a cart.
- AMICIA: Yes... Well done.
Let's get that in place.
They're far too quiet.
- LUCAS: The mess in town
must be playing to our advantage.
- AMICIA: Yes, they're getting scared.
Good.
Let's man that crank.
You handle it.
- LUCAS: Right away.
Down we go.
- AMICIA: It's working.
- LUCAS: Yes.
- AMICIA: The chain's cut.
You can let go.
- LUCAS: Good.
- AMICIA: Let's get it to the door, quick.
We've only got one shot.
- LUCAS: I know.
- AMICIA: If we failed, Hugo will be alone and...
- LUCAS: And we'll die.
- AMICIA: Let's stop here.
- LUCAS: Wait, the Stupefacio.
- AMICIA: This is crazy, Lucas.
- LUCAS: I think we past that point.
- AMICIA: Alright.
- LUCAS: It's set.
I think the crank on the side arms it.
- AMICIA: I'm on it.
So... when do you open the doors?
- LUCAS: I won't. Shoot through it.
We need friction to get the reaction.
- AMICIA: What? But... we don't even know
if it will go through.
- LUCAS: Too late for that.
- AMICIA: Get ready.
- LUCAS: I am.
It worked.
(COUGHING)
- BÉATRICE: At last,
what took you so long?
- AMICIA: Well... I...
- LUCAS: The herbalist was out
when we arrived. We had to wait.
But we have everything.
- BÉATRICE: We should give this to him.
- VAUDIN: Yes, we've lost enough time already.
- AMICIA: How is he?
- BÉATRICE: Exhausted.
He felt asleep when it calmed down.
- AMICIA: Please, tell him...
- VAUDIN: He's fine. He's in good hands.
That's the best you can be sure.
- AMICIA: I hope so.
For your sake.
- VAUDIN: (SCOFFS)